Updated instructions for Relaychain (#1634)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/tutorials/connect-relay-and-parachains/prepare-a-local-relay-chain.md

   
   Because both validators are running on a single local computer it isn't necessary to specify the `--bootnodes` command-line option and the IP address and peer identifier of the first node.
   The `bootnodes` option is necessary if you want to connect nodes that run outside of the local network or nodes that are not identified in the chain specification file.

>    If you don't see relaychain producing blocks, try disabling your firewall or adding the bootnodes parameter with the alice node's address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you don't see the relay chain producing blocks, try disabling your firewall or adding the `bootnodes` command-line option with the address of the `alice` node to start the node.
```
